[DOCS] Adds the 8.2.3 release notes (#133915)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

{kibana-ref-all}/8.2/release-notes-8.2.0.html#breaking-changes-8.2.0[8.2.0] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.1/release-notes-8.1.0.html#breaking-changes-8.1.0[8.1.0] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0[8.0.0] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-rc2.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-rc2[8.0.0-rc2] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-rc1.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-rc1[8.0.0-rc1] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-beta1.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-beta1[8.0.0-beta1] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-alpha2.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-alpha2[8.0.0-alpha2] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-alpha1.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-alpha1[8.0.0-alpha1]

[float]
[[fixes-v8.2.3]]
=== Bug fixes
Elastic Security::
For the Elastic Security 8.2.3 release information, refer to {security-guide}/release-notes.html[_Elastic Security Solution Release Notes_].
Fleet::

> * Elastic Agent now installs when updating policy with monitoring_enabled {kibana-pull}133530[#133530]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Elastic Agent integration now installs automatically if agent monitoring is turned on in the agent policy {kibana-pull}133530[#133530]
```

Reviewer: The description is confusing/misleading. From reading the PR description, sounds like we are talking about the integration, not the agent, getting installed.

> * Removes misc beats tutorials from elastic_stack category {kibana-pull}132957[#132957]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removes {beats} tutorials from the Elastic Stack category {kibana-pull}132957[#132957]
```

Management::
Fixes an edge case in the Inspector request selector where duplicate request names could result in a UI bug {kibana-pull}133511[#133511]
Operations::
Fixes an issue where `node.options` was reset between upgrades in deb and rpm packages {kibana-pull}133249[#133249]
Platform::

> defaultIndex attribute was migrated for config saved object {kibana-pull}133339[#133339]

Reviewer 2: :+1:
